Add Rafter to installation process (#6278)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/rafter/charts/rafter-asyncapi-service/README.md

> # Rafter AsyncAPI Service

Reviewer: I would suggest changing the chart name from `charts/rafter-asyncapi-service` to `charts/asyncapi-service`. What follows, please update the README title to `# AsyncAPI Service.`

Author: Changed

## Overview

> The Rafter AsyncAPI Service is an HTTP server used to process AsyncAPI specifications. It contains the `/validate` and `/convert` HTTP endpoints which accept `multipart/form-data` forms:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AsyncAPI Service is an HTTP server used to process AsyncAPI specifications. It contains the `/validate` and `/convert` HTTP endpoints which accept `multipart/form-data` forms:
```

- The `/validate` endpoint validates the AsyncAPI specification against the AsyncAPI schema in version 2.0.0., using the [AsyncAPI Parser](https://github.com/asyncapi/parser).
- The `/convert` endpoint converts the version and format of the AsyncAPI files.

> To learn more about the AsyncAPI Service, go to the [Rafter repository](https://github.com/kyma-project/rafter).

Author: Changed to https://github.com/kyma-project/rafter/blob/master/cmd/extension/asyncapi

> To learn more about the Rafter AsyncAPI Service, see the [documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/rafter/#details-async-api-service).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about the Rafter AsyncAPI Service, read [this](https://kyma-project.io/docs/components/rafter/#details-asyncapi-service) documentation.
```
